README.md, before:

# don8

This repository reflects Makers Academy Final Project **don8**. The general overview of this project is to connect people who wish to donate their time or goods to a charitable endeavour, and charitable endeavours that might be in a position to use those resources.

---

- [Specification](#specification)
  * [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  * [Prerequisite(s)](#prerequisite-s-)
  * [Installation](#installation)
- [Running the Program](#running-the-program)
- [Development Process](#development-process)
  * [Modelling](#modelling)
    + [User Stories](#user-stories)
      - [User Story 01](#user-story-01)
      - [User Story 02](#user-story-02)
      - [User Story 03](#user-story-03)
      - [User Story 04](#user-story-04)
      - [User Story 05](#user-story-05)
      - [User Story 06](#user-story-06)
      - [User Story 07](#user-story-07)
    + [Domain Modelling](#domain-modelling)
  * [Test-Driven Design](#test-driven-design)
  * [Behaviour-Driven Design](#behaviour-driven-design)
  * [Continuous Development](#continuous-development)
  * [Refactoring](#refactoring)
- [Minimum Viable Product](#minimum-viable-product)
  * [Wireframes](#wireframes)
- [Additional Features](#additional-features)
  * [Feature 01](#feature-01)
  * [Wireframes](#wireframes-1)
- [Project Conclusions](#project-conclusions)
  * [Final Appearance](#final-appearance)
  * [Specific Characteristics of Note](#specific-characteristics-of-note)
  * [Additional Development](#additional-development)
- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Author(s)](#author-s-)
- [License(s)](#license-s-)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

---

## Specification

### Requirements

1. [ ]

---

## Getting Started

### Prerequisite(s)

This project requires _software_. If you do not have _software_, install it using [these instructions](https://www.google.co.uk/).

### Installation

1. Run command `npm install`

---

## Running the Program

1. Run command `npm start` to start the server.

---

## Development Process

### Modelling


#### User Stories

The requirements can be parsed in several simple user stories.

Actions are *italic*. Nouns are **bold**. Attributes of nouns are **_bold italics_**.

##### User Story 01

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a charity,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can advertise for donations of time or goods,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to post adverts.

##### User Story 02

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a donor,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can donate,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to see charities' adverts.

##### User Story 03

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a charity,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can manage my adverts,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to sign up as a charity.

##### User Story 04

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a charity,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can manage my adverts,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to log in and out.

##### User Story 05

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a charity,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can manage my adverts,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to edit adverts.

##### User Story 06

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a charity,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can manage my adverts,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to delete adverts.

##### User Story 07

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a user,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can ,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to .

#### Domain Modelling

As per [Class Responsibility Collaborator](http://agilemodeling.com/artifacts/crcModel.htm) modelling, there are _n_ obvious areas of responsibility, and therefore _n_.

Class: **Name**

Responsibility | Collaborators
--- | ---
 |

The relationship between these classes can be summarised in this Domain Model Diagram:

![domain_model_diagram](https://www.google.co.uk/images/branding/googlelogo/1x/googlelogo_color_272x92dp.png)

### Test-Driven Design

TDD was used to structure Unit Tests. These were employed to test individual classes and their methods to ensure that they interacted as expected.

### Behaviour-Driven Design

BDD was used to structure Feature Tests. After unit tests were created to test methods and classes in isolation, feature tests were employed to test the entire program.

### Continuous Development

The code was continuously tested throughout development to ensure development was proceeding as expected, and that changes during development did not impact previously tested units and features.

### Refactoring

Refactoring was performed after the completion of any individual unit, and periodically throughout development, in order to simplify the code. The aim was to keep the code simple and readable, rather than as compact as possible. To check that the resulting code conformed to the Ruby style guide, it was parsed before each commit through _software_, a linter.

---

## Minimum Viable Product
* Charity can post what they need - either time or objects
* Volunteers can see what charities need

### Wireframes

The appearance of an MVP version of our program was projected to look something like as follows:

![wireframe_homepage](/docs/wireframe_homepage.svg)

![wireframe_new_request_page](/docs/wireframe_new_request_page.svg)

---

## Additional Features

### Feature 01

The appearance of an expanded version of our program was projected to look something like as follows:

### Wireframes

---

## Project Conclusions

### Final Appearance

### Specific Characteristics of Note

The presented development state shows some aspects of note:

1.

### Additional Development

With more time, we would have liked to add some additional features:

1.

---

## Built With

This program's dependencies are .

- [Utility](https://www.google.co.uk/)

---

## Author(s)

Proudly authored by [Oscar Bertrand](https://github.com/OscarB89), [Hugh Cavanagh](https://github.com/hacaravan), [Sean Edwards](https://github.com/bear99a9), [Joshua Sinyor](https://gist.github.com/JoshSinyor) and [Louis Wickremeratne](https://github.com/louiswicks).

---

## License(s)

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

## Acknowledgements

- Table of contents generated with [markdown-toc](http://ecotrust-canada.github.io/markdown-toc/).

Commit message:

Update README.md. Reflects addition of request-return diagram to README.

README.md, after:

# don8

This repository reflects Makers Academy Final Project **don8**. The general overview of this project is to connect people who wish to donate their time or goods to a charitable endeavour, and charitable endeavours that might be in a position to use those resources.

---

- [Specification](#specification)
  * [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  * [Prerequisite(s)](#prerequisite-s-)
  * [Installation](#installation)
- [Running the Program](#running-the-program)
- [Development Process](#development-process)
  * [Modelling](#modelling)
    + [User Stories](#user-stories)
      - [User Story 01](#user-story-01)
      - [User Story 02](#user-story-02)
      - [User Story 03](#user-story-03)
      - [User Story 04](#user-story-04)
      - [User Story 05](#user-story-05)
      - [User Story 06](#user-story-06)
      - [User Story 07](#user-story-07)
    + [Domain Modelling](#domain-modelling)
  * [Test-Driven Design](#test-driven-design)
  * [Behaviour-Driven Design](#behaviour-driven-design)
  * [Continuous Development](#continuous-development)
  * [Refactoring](#refactoring)
- [Minimum Viable Product](#minimum-viable-product)
  * [Wireframes](#wireframes)
- [Additional Features](#additional-features)
  * [Feature 01](#feature-01)
  * [Wireframes](#wireframes-1)
- [Project Conclusions](#project-conclusions)
  * [Final Appearance](#final-appearance)
  * [Specific Characteristics of Note](#specific-characteristics-of-note)
  * [Additional Development](#additional-development)
- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Author(s)](#author-s-)
- [License(s)](#license-s-)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

---

## Specification

### Requirements

1. [ ]

---

## Getting Started

### Prerequisite(s)

This project requires _software_. If you do not have _software_, install it using [these instructions](https://www.google.co.uk/).

### Installation

1. Run command `npm install`

---

## Running the Program

1. Run command `npm start` to start the server.

---

## Development Process

### Modelling


#### User Stories

The requirements can be parsed in several simple user stories.

Actions are *italic*. Nouns are **bold**. Attributes of nouns are **_bold italics_**.

##### User Story 01

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a charity,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can advertise for donations of time or goods,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to post adverts.

##### User Story 02

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a donor,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can donate,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to see charities' adverts.

##### User Story 03

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a charity,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can manage my adverts,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to sign up as a charity.

##### User Story 04

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a charity,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can manage my adverts,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to log in and out.

##### User Story 05

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a charity,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can manage my adverts,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to edit adverts.

##### User Story 06

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a charity,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can manage my adverts,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to delete adverts.

##### User Story 07

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As a user,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So that I can ,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'd like to be able to .

#### Domain Modelling

As per [Class Responsibility Collaborator](http://agilemodeling.com/artifacts/crcModel.htm) modelling, there are _n_ obvious areas of responsibility, and therefore _n_.

Class: **Name**

Responsibility | Collaborators
--- | ---
 |

The relationship between these classes can be summarised in this Domain Model Diagram:

![domain_model_diagram](https://www.google.co.uk/images/branding/googlelogo/1x/googlelogo_color_272x92dp.png)

### Test-Driven Design

TDD was used to structure Unit Tests. These were employed to test individual classes and their methods to ensure that they interacted as expected.

### Behaviour-Driven Design

BDD was used to structure Feature Tests. After unit tests were created to test methods and classes in isolation, feature tests were employed to test the entire program.

### Continuous Development

The code was continuously tested throughout development to ensure development was proceeding as expected, and that changes during development did not impact previously tested units and features.

### Refactoring

Refactoring was performed after the completion of any individual unit, and periodically throughout development, in order to simplify the code. The aim was to keep the code simple and readable, rather than as compact as possible. To check that the resulting code conformed to the Ruby style guide, it was parsed before each commit through _software_, a linter.

---

## Minimum Viable Product
* Charity can post what they need - either time or objects
* Volunteers can see what charities need

### Wireframes

The appearance of an MVP version of our program was projected to look something like as follows:

![wireframe_homepage](/docs/wireframe_homepage.svg)

![wireframe_new_request_page](/docs/wireframe_new_request_page.svg)

The most basic model of this is described as follows:

![request_return_diagram](/docs/request_return_diagram.svg)

---

## Additional Features

### Feature 01

The appearance of an expanded version of our program was projected to look something like as follows:

### Wireframes

---

## Project Conclusions

### Final Appearance

### Specific Characteristics of Note

The presented development state shows some aspects of note:

1.

### Additional Development

With more time, we would have liked to add some additional features:

1.

---

## Built With

This program's dependencies are .

- [Utility](https://www.google.co.uk/)

---

## Author(s)

Proudly authored by [Oscar Bertrand](https://github.com/OscarB89), [Hugh Cavanagh](https://github.com/hacaravan), [Sean Edwards](https://github.com/bear99a9), [Joshua Sinyor](https://gist.github.com/JoshSinyor) and [Louis Wickremeratne](https://github.com/louiswicks).

---

## License(s)

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

## Acknowledgements

- Table of contents generated with [markdown-toc](http://ecotrust-canada.github.io/markdown-toc/).
